new tests added for emoji and line breaks (#5)
cs4560-utah-sp24/test: tests/chapter2-exercise-scrollbar-tests.md

Tests for WBE Chapter 5 Exercise `Scrollbar`
=======================

> The scrolling feature in this scenario does not need to include
> functionality to prevent scrolling beyond the content's end. 
> Scrolling past the bottom of the page content is an acceptable
> behavior and aligns with the basic functionality of the 
> scrolling mechanism being tested.
> 
> In the design of the scrollbar, it should be rendered on top of
> all other elements on the page, including text. This is to 
> ensure that the scrollbar remains visible and accessible at 
> all times, regardless of the page's content or layout.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stop your browser from scrolling down past the last display
list entry. At the right edge of the screen, draw a blue,
rectangular scrollbar. Make sure the size and position of the
scrollbar reflects what part of the full document the browser
can see, as in the figure showing page and screen coordinates.
Hide the scrollbar if the whole document fits onscreen.

You do **not** need to prevent scrolling past the content's end. 
Draw the scrollbar on top of all other elements on the page,
including text. Do not change where line breaks happen.
```
